Hello, i have accidentally subscribed for uber one today at 7.30 p.m. in sri Lanka time. Also i have charged 5999 (LKR) sri lankan rupees today at nearly the same time debitted from my card automatically. It's a bit confusing to me (automatically charged from me). I would like to unsubscribe from uber one. I have not used any uber one privileges. I am seeking for a refund of the automatically debitted amount. Pls contact me i am seeking for assistance. +94-078 978 8924 my contact number. chamma123micro@gmail.com my email number. I can provide payment proof and any other necessary details. Cause In here i can only upload 1 photo. Thanks for your help. And there is no toggle button to off auto renew i tried from both mobile and desktop versions/ interfaces. I need to fully cancel this annual subscription. Thanks again.


In this video we go through the process of setting up AI Benchmark with TensorFlow-DirectML to run on our Intel UHD Graphics.

AI Benchmark Alpha is an open-source python library for evaluating AI performance of various hardware platforms, including CPUs, GPUs and TPUs. The benchmark is relying on the TensorFlow machine learning library, and is providing a lightweight solution for assessing inference and training speed for key Deep Learning models.

TensorFlow-DirectML broadens the reach of TensorFlow beyond its traditional Graphics Processing Unit (GPU) support, by enabling high-performance training and inferencing of machine learning models on any Windows devices with a DirectX 12-capable GPU through DirectML, a hardware accelerated deep learning API on Windows.

The Intel Rocket Lake UHD Graphics 750 integrated graphics gets a score of about 1,000 points at stock. When running the AI Benchmark on our 8 Rocket Lake CPU cores using the regular TensorFlow library, we get a score of about 3,000 points. So 3x higher.

Clip from SkatterBencher #28: UHD Graphics 750 (Xe-LP) Overclocked to 1750 MHz With EK-QuantumX Delta TEC Evo

@lovebites4098  If u really want to dig into ml, like literally deep inside , then study Linear algebra ( gilbert strang ), learn probability theory, and learn Calculus. Calculus till class 12th mathematics is enough,  but for LA and prob you need engineering lvl, specially LA. And stop using keras model , either start doing in pytorch or do the code in tf , don't use model.fit method, it hides everything.